I cannot works here.
They cannot works here.
What will I doesn't now?
This guys works for the US Sales VP, our contact at Samsung.
Others authors such as Komarios, and Chymes...
Both element are red.
Both child love my mother.
This won't work, for most people is is quite lazy.
I wish all this were a little simpler to set up!
There was communications department handling the affair.
Industry sources forecasts a 70,000 to 80,000 head run for Saturday slaughter.
This reports shows schematically the annual average supply movements between regions for 2000 and 2001.
The United Arab Emirates is located in Western Asia.
The United Arab Emirates form a single government.
The Cayman Islands has a population of approximately 60,765.
The Cayman Islands are known for their beauty.
(CNN) -- A tsunami watch issued for five nations after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean was canceled about two hours later.
A tsunami watch in effect after an earthquake in the Indian Ocean has been called off.
About half of all Americans disapprove of President Barack Obama's incoming executive action.
A new poll finds 48 percent of Americans oppose Obama's use of executive action
Nearly 70% of Kuwaiti males over 15 are overweight or obese, according to the World Health Organization.
Juve were gifted the lead when Claudio Marchisio's deflected shot cannoned off the post on to the back of goalkeeper Eduardo and into the net.
Some have tailored their menus to cater to bigger appetites
The majority rely entirely on UNRWA
The attack may have been in and about Tunisia
There is no body and no grave
the whole Tunisian people is unified
The fact those are supposed to be police officers upholding our justice system while violating it is absolutely disgusting
plenty of others make little if any pretense about what they offer
Part Tajik and part Pashtun, Abdullah is considered a relative outsider given his background.
'"People (remember) the last election," van Bijlert says.'
'Focus on: The Economy - Hear about the "r" word, and see how a possible recession could be fought.'
There's really no difference - girls an play just as good as boys.
French acrobat family travel the world, perform on 12-meter yacht
If there were an obvious takeaway
They threatened me that [I would] be slaughtered.
Watch a mom describe her three sons killed
Now watch a mom describe her three sons killed
The violence, fear and mistrust is contrary to the democratic transition.
she told that she and her husband were "not only dead broke, but in debt"
Unrest between the Rohingya and majority Buddhists has tested President Thein Sein's administration
Everyone, residents and soldiers alike, knows the battle for Basra is not over.
Sea glass, or beach glass, begins essentially as garbage
Her son-in-law's Sunset Beach Gift Shops, where Bartolomeo works as the jewelry manager, were among the few fortunate.
All were remarkable in their own ways
All I Want for Christmas Is You
Carly actually disappointed with her cover of "All I Want for Christmas Is You," suggesting maybe she can't really handle upbeat tunes, performance-wise.
his son might have been manipulated
he had exchanged recent texts with Martin, once on the night the offensive tackle left
I have never been in finals
All you have to do is take a picture of your sneakers
Athens (CNN) -- The DNA of a girl authorities think may have been abducted by a Roma couple in Greece doesn't match any profile in Interpol's database, the international law enforcement agency said Tuesday.
The fact is that the senior Pakistani officials Gall alleges were harboring bin Laden were utterly surprised that al Qaeda's leader was living in Abbottabad.
In September 2001, the FBI found DNA that linked Hoffa to a car that agents suspected was used in his disappearance.
Neither were other customers, who began dialing their cell phones and demanding answers from managers.
Since his days on the campaign trail, Obama has promised the public that those who like their health insurance plans won't have to give them up, but he's stopped short of saying at what cost.
What happens next for both men is up to ISIS.
The build up to the fight had been overshadowed by rumors that the Filipino could soon retire.
Ellen Kirschman, a psychologist, police trainer, and author of "I Love a Cop," writes about the paradox between an officer's work life and personal life, and how police work changes people.
There are a lot of people
a large portion of people have access
Passengers on board a Greyhound bus to New York City say it was crawling with roaches
The hatred of Jews and the denial of their existence have turned into hatred of the Jewish state
The notion that Israel could invade Gaza, kick out Hamas and then put Abbas' Fatah in charge strains credulity to the breaking point.
My street had looked as though it were painted on canvas and hung on the air.
YBH has helped about 4,000 youth lose thousands of pounds.
the discretion to perhaps reshape health care in a way that meets constitutional scrutiny
"I wish I were there right now, I gotta tell ya"
An estimate by the NRC said some 63,000 tons of spent fuel was stored in the U.S.
We know from the Framingham studies that happiness, smoking and obesity are all "contagious."
Verrilli, as the federal government's key lawyer before the high court, was defending the law from a coalition of 26 states seeking its nullification.
But this is a different court and health care in many ways is unique in the court's jurisprudence -- the scale, scope, and political underpinnings all make it especially complex and contentious.
Thanks to its large reserves of oil, the small Gulf state of Kuwait has transformed over the decades from a humble pearl-farming backwater into one of the world's richest countries per capita.
Listen to Anwar Ibrahim defend himself
Can anyone stop?
Because of Xi's tough campaign, China's entertainment businesses, particularly top-end restaurants, clubs, and hotels, have suffered enormous losses, over which the ordinary Chinese are rightfully gloating.
The next question today is, are girls as good as boys at sports?
Setting sail
I found it strange that most of his accounts were short on the blood and guts bravado that my G.I. Joe comic books had led me to expect.
The entertainment show omg!
There is still not enough pain and prospects of gain
She felt the house shake, but it had shaken before.
A number of kids have [these issues]
every public boardwalk and beach along the New Jersey shore is now open
President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 on condition he not attempt to get back into the union movement before 1980.
"He tell(s) me: 'This is my job."
But Alyssa says there is much more to it than that.
That is the option.
I've found that wheelchairs are prosthetic devices that can be manually propelled
You know these sheep eat grass, don't you?
I don't eat grass.
It's crucial that he arrive early.
I'll be at the restaurant.
I will be at the restaurant.
I shall be at the restaurant.
Malindi, who is the coffee shop's day manager, asks quickly.
Rather he nixed the show because he does not agree with SeaWorld's treatment of its orca, or killer, whales and other sea creatures -- a sentiment that has spread among those who have seen "Blackfish" documentary that aired on CNN on the topic.
On Friday, Iran's foreign minister said he believes a solution will be reached over a proposed deal to export uranium for enrichment abroad, a demand of Western nations that worry that Tehran plans to use its program to build nuclear weapons.
'He is the co-editor of "Police Suicide: Tactics for Prevention," which advocates peer support and stress management programs and emphasizes the importance of mental health treatment and a culture in which asking for help is not seen as a poor career move or a sign of weakness.'
A battle to end Syria's occupation of Lebanon led to protests and confrontations in the streets in 2005, which was labeled the Cedar Revolution.
That way, the boys of the 21 century are more physically active than girls are, nevertheless, they demonstrate higher overweight rates.
In whole, the percentage of energy from fossil in these five different countries is not rather constant.
It is sure to make a person feel under the pressure or even depressed.
The fact that it also provides for human basic needs does not deprive this way of creativity from its artistic features.
It mades almost 10 percents of population in 1940 while in Japan people of the same age group were represented with 5 percents of all the citizens.
The only aspiration of this reform I agree with is the feeling that certain fields of science or work are traditionally 'male' or 'female'.
The main trend for all these countries is that the number of people whose age is sixty five and over is increasing.
Nowadays question of equal rights and opportunities is topical for large amount of people and organization.
Obviously, in our everyday life we often see the situation, when the number of male and female students is not at the same level in many universities.
Another drawback of equal  numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom.
And one of the most convincing arguments againts equal proportions between male/female students is that there is no any correlation or connection between knowledge and sex.
Considering all arguments , it can be concluded that the idea of universities accepting equal number of male / female students is not good of all.
It is is undeniable that math, physics, engeneering are more preferable among boys.
To sum up, everyone both males and females has a right and opportunity to choose their profession and study in a place they want.
A nation has a fundamental right to existence, to its own language and culture, through which a people expresses and promotes ... its fundamental spiritual sovereignty;
Father and husband does not flirt with women around.
He says a prominent cleric and activist has accused security forces of wrongdoing
Father and husband are two different things.
Being a father and a husband are hard responsibilities.
ENBREL is an important scientific advance that in many people has been shown to reduce the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), polyarticular-course juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and psoriatic arthritis.
Whereas communication technology to connect people has long been an integral part of our everyday lives
Being a Eucharistic people is the chief identifier of being Catholic.
We know that the way IN to people is through their senses.
world infant mortality rate among America's black people remains persistent
The operator of a limousine company at the center of an investigation of the crash in upstate New York that killed 20 people was arrested Wednesday.
Willy Brandt's statement that the German government served first of all the German people was a case in point.
Just because we don't see houses and people doesn't mean the land is uninhabited.
More people means more technology.
They mean to come tomorrow.
working together with other people produces better results.
The reason both the Roman state and the Pharisees hated God's people was because they couldn't control them.
the cost for living space for 400 people is up around $9 B.
Provision of "reasonable accommodation" is emerging as a part of human rights of disabled people is reflected in national and international instruments.
Crafting and presenting a personal story around such people is where my interest lies.
Reading about and observing a personal story about such people are not the same.
Many people want to be happy; few know what that means for them
Happiness has always been desirable, but little of it has been granted to the majority.
People have always been searching for happiness as the most desirable thing, but little is known about it.
Elizabeth the First’s parliaments demanded that she abolish tonnage and poundage.
It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it, or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it, in the past.
The bank was becoming ever more insistent that she dispose of most, if not all, of the high street sites.
But I think Brooks is selling people short by writing that "there just isn't much most ordinary people should do in immediate response to events such as the Boston bombings."
There's like a thousand roaches
There's one boy and two girls
Tom is not one of the sportsmen who walks without a coat all year.
There is a zero temperature.
There is a zero (temperature of 0°), but it is an arbitrary reference point
There are zero temperatures in the provinces...
Nook and cranny is a place to search.
Every nook and cranny is to search.
The new director of the company is a real mover and shaker.
A mover and shaker is a person is who is willing to make big changes to get things done.
Blood, sweat and tears is a path to achieve something.
Part and parcel of raising a toddler is dealing with tantrums
Working overtime is part and parcel of my job.
This job is such a ball and chain, I can't wait to quit and start freelancing.
Fish and chips was his favourite dish.
Wear and tear means the damage that happens to an object in ordinary use during a period.
A carrot and stick is a method of raising a child.
A carrot-and-stick is a method of raising a child.
A "carrot and stick" is a metaphor.
His ball and chain has arrived recently.
Movers and shakers have arrived.
The car needs some spit and polish.
The harness room, once the acme of Victorian Spit and polish, was now the sad repository of everything that no one wanted.
Law and order is hard to maintain.
The cut and thrust of committee meetings has ended.
add a rule tree in settings that knows of all text checkers
'"I understand that there are some natural-habitat zoos out there, which is probably OK," Nelson added.'
The statement said the goal was to destroy the Jungle and other migrant shanties, "which have become the main launch pad for clandestine immigration into the United Kingdom."
The languages set depends on currently loaded LanguageTool modules.
The languages set depend on currently loaded LanguageTool modules.
"[spellchecker] immediately remove the typo highlighting after a quick fix is applied"
That value is returned as the generator result.
lexer/parser never fail on any text, however broken
Returns the PSI manager instance for the specified project.
the PSI file to reload.
the listener instance.
the modification tracker instance.
option checks for properties which are copy-pasted into several properties files verbatim.
Reports fields in an anonymous class that are named identically to local variables or parameters of the containing method or lambda expression.
Reports fields in a derived class that are named identically to visible fields of base classes.
Reports exception instance creation without any arguments specified.
Reports fields which are not guaranteed to be initialized after the object is deserialized
Convenience overloads, which call a method with the same name in the same class but have fewer parameters, are also ignored.
the PSI file instance, or  if there is currently no cached PSI tree for the file.
Checks if the PSI tree corresponding to the specified document has been modified and the changes have not yet been applied to the document.
Chirouf said those crucified are beheaded first and then their heads are sewn back on their bodies.
a more local way to fix SVA false positive in square-bracket commit message format
Ms. Durkee admitted that she had been misappropriating her clients' money for years, and that forms she filed with the state were false
For some people that is a plus and for others it isn't.
But a closer look at the day's events—and the benefit of hindsight—reveal some clues that Romney knew at the time he wouldn't be throwing his hat in the ring.
When my best friend Jack Roth and I were 12 years old and crazy about sports, we hatched a plan.
The environment isn't risk free, but when I look at the enthusiasm -- that is part of it is encouraging.
The environment isn't risk free, but when I look at the enthusiasm of the Afghan people to participate in the elections -- that is part of it is encouraging.
illegal choice format, do nothing for now
A mouse shortcut, which can consist of a specific mouse button, click count and modifier keys
It's assumed that default spell checking inspection settings are just fine for processing all types of data.
"for uncommitted documents, the last stamp before the document change: the same stamp that current PSI should have."
It's a sumptuous image that hushes the crowd who stand gathered
It says there has been a high number of executions
The youth behave this way because of the lack of any interests
U.S. women's medley squad break world record in taking gold
'So has Linda Przybyszewski, a University of Notre Dame history professor and the author of the upcoming book, "The Lost Art of Dress: The Women Who Once Made America Stylish."'
the heart and soul of the address was a call to collective action on a wide array of fronts.
The eight killed include six officers, a mother and a child
One in three children in this community is affected by childhood obesity
In their country, the wait time depends on socioeconomic status ... the lower the status, the longer the wait time
a plethora of laws were passed to institutionalize the apartheid system.
Customs and Border Protection needs to adopt similar transparency
Customs has pulled us over on our way for an inspection.
The bobsled Bertazzo and compatriots will pilot is the latest product of collaboration between the Italian Olympic Committee (CONI) and the country's legendary automotive manufacturer, who are providing design input to hopefully deliver medal success in Sochi in next year's Winter Olympics.
We treat 8,000 cases of resistance a year and now a chunk of those have developed resistance beyond XDR-TB -- incurable TB.
Also firmly on the agenda was the global concern of antibiotic resistance and the fear of many diseases becoming untreatable.
Not enough pain or prospects of gain outweighs the reality
it's unclear how many have gained coverage so far.
It's not the first time the Jolie-Pitts are keeping it in the family by teaming up on screen.
