But does I have to go there?
But Does you have your glasses?
This girl have beautiful eyes.
That guy have lots of problems.
Cars is useful.
Algae has emerged in recent years as a popular source of om...
Where is your dogs?
Where was the cars?
Me and you is too old for that.
This are the options.
This two are the options.
This are my notes.
This were the days…
This write have many defects; he is careless, slow, and lazy.
Does dogs sleep more than 15 hours per day?
Cats sleeps more than 15 hours per day.
Users sees LT icon in Word.
Those two is nice.
These three is the most important.
   We isn't believe so.
You is a good engineer.
I is at the restaurant.
However, I be at the restaurant.
You is too old for that.
You isn't too old for that.
Don’t it help you somehow?
A women who doesn't criticize you anymore is a women who doesn't love you anymore.
...this variance estimate correctly, but Algorithm I returns 29.333333333333332 instead of 30.
 They is happy. [Found by PERS_PRONOUN_AGREEMENT_SENT_START]
...s the beams creates an even load-bearing pressure that can last for many years depending on attrition.
   I see that problem have not been resolved.
Tom is one of the best people who walks this earth.
I think this test don't always work.
This does give her the satisfaction she desires and she continue...
Sometimes the garment codes do not agree, but if this agree button the garments carefully.
... but if this agree button on your buttons carefully.
Although those four usually lives in dark places, other plants prefer sunshine.
... but those four usually (if the software operates correctly) detects the problem.
These usually eats only vegetables, unlike their carnivorous cousins.
The lights suddenly went off and it become dark.
I'm one of those people who has trouble sitting still.
I'm one of the many people who has trouble sitting still.
Most people knows only native language - they is our target audience.
Grammatical errors not makes your text easy to read.
bell hooks doesn't capitalise her pen name.
No news are good news.
The Netherlands are known.
I think errors makes your text look bad.
You know these sheep eats grass, don't you?
However, I really isn't happy.
Education is the one of the most essential things that is needed for successful career.
Moreover, such process can solve the problems which is connected with money.
The bar chart clearly demonstrates the amount of children who hasn't got an access to primary education between 2000 and 2001.
Also, back to walking a street, beautiful building make the whole street beautiful.
Nowdays a country that take the first place among the written above countries is China with 90 persent of fossil.
Very few people becomes underweight on a low carb diet – as long as they eat when hungry.
Secondly, all over the time people, who has a lot of money, always do not want to be like other people.
German people knows how to do music.
He was there and she were there.
