This chart shows us the data about the unemployment in a few world areas. 
The data is divided into the information about 2014 and 2015 unemployment levels. 
It is clearly seen that there are two main trends. 
Firstly, the level of unemployment did not change at some areas such as North Africa and South Asia where that level remained stable. 
Secondly, it is shown that that level decreased at some regions. 
Talking about details, we can see that the level of unemployment decreased rapidly in the two regions. 
It went from 11 to 9,6 points in the Middle East, and it also went down from 6,8 to 5,8 points in the Latin America. 
However, there is an unusual trend. 
In contrast to the previous examples, the EU's level of unemployment rose by the 2015 from 7,5 to 7,9 points. 
In general, it is shown that there were different trends at the different areas. 
However, the worldwide indicator did not change at all.
Nowadays there are a lot of disputes over pros and cons of illegal music and music copying. 
Some people believe that all the content on the Internet should be free and available to everyone, while their opponents argue that illegal copying can be claimed as a theft or at least as a kind of crime. 
Actually, the opinion that pirate copying should be punished is really widespread around the world. 
People who support that position usually provide three main arguments. 
Firstly, illegal copying affects the amount of money that people of art earn every day. 
It reduces their income so people become less motivated to work at the sphere of arts. 
Secondly, it is bad for the governments economies because the illegal spreading of that content cannot be taxed. 
Thirdly, these illegal actions can undermine the moral side of modern societies. 
It means that nowadays some people start to think that something "illegal" can sometimes be a good (or normal) thing. 
It happens because people face illegal spreading almost every day what makes it normal for them, therefore the governments want to stop pirate copying immediately. 
However, there is an opposite point of view on this issue. 
Some people think that every person in the world should be able to find all the content he or her needs for free. 
Advocates of this opinion say that some people just cannot afford buying films and music while they need it to increase their levels of culture and education. 
In my opinion, every work should be rewarded so it is not fair that film producers, actors and musicians lose some part of their money because of pirate copies. 
However, I believe that all the educational movies and pieces of art should be free as it is important for the level of culture worldwide.
The bar charts illustrate how the level of unemployment changed in different parts of the world across 2014 and 2015. 
It is important to note, that in some of the regions the rates did not change at all. 
At the same time, in Middle East and Latin America the level of unemployment decreased and in the EU, on the contrary, increased. 
While in Middle East the rates dropped from 11 per cent to 9.6. in Latin America the level of unemployment reached the point of 5.8 per cent in 2015 in comparison to 6.8% in 2014. 
What is also important is that the highest rates were noted in North America. 
The level of unemployment in South Africa is lower than in the whole world in average. 
Also in Latin America the rates reached lower point in comparison to the worldwide level in 2015, although in 2014 they were higher. 
All in all, the worldwide level of unemployment remained stable during this period.
It is thought, that the creators of films and music lose a lot of money due to the fact that these files usually are spread on the internet illegally, that is why some people are sure that such things should be obliged. 
On the one hand, musicians and film producers fail to receive the money that they should actually get after their creations were released. 
What is more, such things are usually posted in poor quality, thus people who listen to or watch them cannot realise, what great job was done to create it. 
They will not be able to face the effects the producers use in their films, understand, how wonderful is the sound in the songs. 
Moreover, if we speak about official buying in iTunes, for instance, it also helps the owners of such platforms to pet money. 
What is more, due to copies more people in the whole world will know about the stuff and its producers. 
This is the way for them to become even more popular. 
On the other hand, after watching the film or listening to music on the internet a person may decide to go to the cinema or buy the song or even the whole album if he or she liked it indeed. 
The fact is that if someone knows that really good things were produced and is sure that things really go this way, the creators will receive even much money. 
All in all, it seems that the producers lose too much money because of copying as it is thought. 
The spread of their creativity may make them very famous and rich indeed. 
If a person is popular with things he or she does that will enable to produce more new extraordinary films and songs. 
Finally, it seems that there is no serious reason for trying to prevent copying.
The bar chart represents the information about unemployment rate in selected world regions. 
It is easily seen, that the highest level of unemployment is in the North Africa. 
The lowest unemployment can be found in South Asia, and in this region we can also see stable level of unemployment. 
To the other regions the percentage of unemployment is erratic. 
In EU there is low increase of unemployment, when in the Latin America and Middle East the rate decreased. 
In general it could be found that the worldwide amount of unemployment has stable rate, If we compare 2014 and 2015. 
The highest decrease could be found in the Middle East, the percentage had changed from 11% to 9.6%. 
In the EU rate increased from 7.5% to 7.9% and in the Latin America the rate became lower (from 6.8% to 5.8%). 
We can see a trend, that the level of unemployment in different world region changed, but the worldwide rate regions stable.
Nowadays we live in an age of high technologies. 
we use a lot of them, especially the internet. 
It is a huge problem, when people copy films or music and share it in the internet. 
Such situation is very costly for the film studios and musicians. 
Some people consider that people, who download films and music for free from the internet, instead of buying original discs in a shop, should be punished. 
There are some arguments against this point of view. 
Firstly, the illegal pirate copies of films and music appear in the internet after the premiere of the film in cinemas. 
In some situations, the pirate copies appeared in the internet 2 weeks after the film started in cinemas. 
In 2 weeks the producers of this film usually can gain a lot of money from cinemas and usually the amount of money is more than a budget of the film. 
Moreover, the quality of pirate copies is often bad, with awful sound and dark picture. 
That's why a lot of people prefer to buy licensed discs. 
In this logic, police shouldn't arrest people, who share files. 
Then, it can be easily seen, that the governments of the different countries all over the world try to ban web-sites in the internet, where people can download pirate copies of films. 
But this policy of blocking web-sites doesn't work, because there are a lot of hackers, who can hack the system and continue to share illegal files. 
If police catch one hacker, there will be another one. 
This is a "circle", and there is no way to break it. 
In conclusion there should be said, that people will always share illegal films and music. 
In this way, the musicians and film producers should make qualitative content. 
If they make good films, people will visit cinemas instead of downloading films from the internet.
The bar chart shows levels of unemployment in the whole world and in some particular regions, as Northern Africa, Middle East, European Union, Latin America and Southern Asia. 
First of all, we should notice, that worldwide level of unemployment in 2015 remained on the same stage as it was in 2014 - 5,9%. 
However, this does not mean, that nothing has changed. (Nothing has changed only in Northern Africa and Southern Asia). 
The worldwide unemployment percentage is the same due to decrease of it in one regions and increase in the others. 
For instance, there is slight growth of unemployment rate in EU from 7,5% to 7,9%. 
The worldwide level is the same, as it was mentioned above. 
This could happen because of overpopulation of the region of Southern Asia, therefore it can affect the rate in a significant way.
The problem of illegal distribution of intellectual property is nowadays very sharp. 
Some people even think, that not only distributors, but also consumers of illegal or "pirate" content should be punished. 
Of course, it's very difficult problem and we can hardly solve it finally. 
However, I'm agree with only one part of this statement. 
It is true, that we should punish people, who illegally copy and share films or music, because it is property and property rights should be protected strictly. 
However, sometimes a producer of some content leaves it in open access and anyone can download or share it. 
Consequently, sharing and copying it will not be illegal. 
Moreover, another question arises - should we blame or punish consumers of "pirate" content? 
Should we blame peasants, who get food from Robin Hood? 
They didn't steal anything and they had no aim to violate the laws. 
In addition, practically all modern scientific theories are based on "rationality" of an individual person. 
Therefore, if he downloads file or something else, which is in open access on the internet for free instead of buying it for some amount of money (Modern films' and music album's cost is rather high, that is another reason why people download "pirate" content), should we blame him for rationality. 
All in all, the problem of illegal copying and sharing is a lot more complex than some people think. 
Anyhow, punishing people, who use this content would be cruel and unfair.
The chart below shows information about unemployment rates in different regions in 2014 and 2015 years. 
There are five regions with a different rates during that two years. 
The highest rate of unemployment people shows North Africa with more than 12% in 2014 and 2015. 
The second place is on Middle East region, and next is European Union. 
The lowest rate of unemployment is in South Asia with 3,9%. 
The highest changing in the rate of unemployment shows Middle East with 1,4 reduction of the rate. 
Three regions North Africa, South Asia do not changing from 2014 to 2015. 
Only in the European Union the rising of the rate of unemployment was captured during that period of time. 
Musicians and filmmakers lose a lot of money every year because of pirate industry. 
The problem is it it is the theft and be punished or not. 
I, personally, think that copying and sharing music or films on the internet is kind of theft. 
Firstly, all people need to protect law and be under it, the modern rules of author's rights try to stop it (copying and sharing), that is why people who copy films and music are thefts. 
Secondly, musicians and film producers spent a lot of money and time to make their films and audios, and when they do not have money from using it by other people it is dishonesty. 
Thirdly, people who copy and share films and old music made it only for money, it looks like theft from you house in order to sell it on the black market. 
To begin with, people who copy and share films and audios are like Robin Hoods of modern world, because usually producers and musicians are rich, and they do not lose a lot while their audios and movies sent to internet, but poor people could use it. 
Moreover, the internet is a free "opposite" world where not all laws are acting, there is a free information about everything in the world there and music and films are also should be free. 
In conclusion, I would like to say, that despite two opposite opinions the position of people who say that copying and sharing is the theft is more clear because in order to live in free society, with opportunity to have affair wages you need to be under the law, and law said, that it is kind of foul.
North Africa rate is quite stable, it has the same date for 2014 and 2015. 
There are some changes in Middle East. 
The rate fell down from 2014 for 1,4%. 
EU rate was slowly going high. 
And for 2015 year it is higher than in 2014. 
It decreased for 1%. 
South Africa has the stable rate as North Africa. 
Worldwide rate of unemployment is queit rate. 
Both 2014 and 2015 have same - 5,9%. 
As speake for hole graph the highest rate has North Africa. 
It is interesting to see that countries of Middle East and North Africa have higher rate than EU, where conditions are better. 
And the lowest rate has South Asia, maybe because of overpopulation in this region.
There is point of view, that musicians and film producers suffer from pirate copying of songs and films, so they lose a lot of money. 
For some people downloading music and films is a theft, which must be punished. 
On the one hand it is a really problem, because people always download music and films free for a long time. 
The film or composition was done in 1990 year, for example, but people are listening it free for latest years. 
Musicians and producers involve a lot of money for their compositions, so they need to make money again by selling films or music disks in special shops. 
The main role plays own rights and rights of property. 
Musician or producer makes images. 
some interesting film or beautiful music, so it is his mind and he must be given money. 
And people who take it from author without permission really make theft. 
On the other hand musicians and producers make money from concerts and seeing films in the cinema, so they have enough money for pleasant and comfortable surviving. 
The music and films were free in the internet for a long time, so now people really cannot imagine life without it. 
Seeing films and listening music is a good chance to improve your skills or mind. 
For example some russian people like to see original english or french films because of studying languages. 
Another argument is that buying all new films or music disk is too expensive. 
There are a lot of new films and some people have not money to buy it. 
For example poor people or children, who are without parents and have no money to do it. 
But they may download some films or music or watch it online in the internet. 
For this mind free films are not a theft, because it helps to develop people's mind. 
It is likely to think for people that free music and films in the internet is a better way than buy it. 
For this opinion downloading of illegal copies should not be punished because of it help and pleasant influence for people's lives.
The chart gives the information about the unemployment rate in five word regions in two years: 2014 and 2015. 
The highest unemployment rate was fixed in North Africa while the lowest was in South Asia. 
However, these two regions have similarity as the percent of unemployment rate did not change and stayed 12,5% for North Africa and 3,9% for South Asia. 
There were changes for three others regions. 
For Middle East the percent decreased from 11% to 9,6% and for Latin America it went down for 1% from 6,8% to 5,8%. 
Speaking about EU, the unemployment rate in this region increased for 0,4% from 7,5% to 7,9%. 
As we can see, there is evidence that for two regions the percent of unemployment rate was stable for two years while for three others it was fluctuating. 
To sum up, the worldwide tendency also stayed the same as the percent for 2014 and 2015 was 5,9%.
Copying and sharing music or films on the internet is the issue that is very popular nowadays. 
Some people hold a view that people doing it should be punished while others do not support them. 
From my point of view, the second position is right. 
First of all, there is the fact, that some people, for example, children or teenagers cannot afford to buy music albums or films to themselves. 
Therefore, they do not have chance to listen or watch it. 
What is more, musicians and film producers can lose money not from illegal pirate copies but from the situation when people will not know about them. 
This is actually about musicians and producers that are at the beginning of their career. 
They need to use all possible channels to become more popular and the lack of access will not let them to do it. 
However, there are some problems with illegal copying. 
The first one is that popular film makers and musicians do not get all the income they can. 
Therefore, the cannot make new films or music because they are lack of money. 
The second one is that sometimes they do not understand how popular they really are as there is no evidence or statistics about people downloading it. 
These problems can be actually solved. 
As a solution producers and musicians can allow to download some of their products for free and ask money for some other. 
What is about the second problem, to my mind, it can be solved in connection with the first one. 
People will listen or watch films for free and want to buy some else. 
To sum up, illegal copying and sharing music and films is not such a big crime for that people should be punished in some way.
The chart illustrates the level of unemployment in different regions in 2014 and 2015. 
Northern Africa shows greatest unemployment rate - it was 12,5% in 2014 and stood the same in 2015. 
In South Asia the rate also hasn't changed for two years, but in this region the level of unemployment is the lowest in comparison with others - only 3,9%. 
In other regions this numbers fluctuate. 
So, in Middle East the level of unemployment has dipped from 11% in 2014 to 9,6% in 2015. 
In Latin America it plunged from 6,8% in 2014 to 5,8% in 2015. 
It is interesting to notice, that European Union is the only region in this chart, where the level of unemployment increased. 
So, in 2014 only 7,5% of population was unemployed and in 2015 this rate grew and reached 7,9%. 
Anyway, unemployment rate worldwide stood the same for two years, its meaning was 5,9%. 
To sum up, employment rates are different in different regions and so are the changes.
Nowadays there is a widespread opinion that piracy in media sphere is a crime, and people, who use illegal copies of films and music, should be punished. 
As for me, I cannot totally agree with such position. 
First, there are usually fixed amounts of money a person is ready to spend on different kinds of entertainments. 
If he is used to go to the cinema twice a month, he won't go there more often or pay for films at home, just because he isn't ready to spend so much money. 
Second, film makers now earn fantastic amounts of money by demonstrating their films in cinemas, and what about musicians, their main source of income is their concerts. 
So, there is no awful need for money for them. 
Third, if ordinary people are punished for piracy, their dissatisfaction will be much higher than dissatisfaction of authors, whose intellectual property is stolen. 
This is just because piracy has become usual in our country and it will be really hard for people to stop using such content. 
On the other hand, punishing for piracy can be beneficial for the whole media industry, as it will provide film makers and musicians with more resources. 
So, the industry is likely to develop. 
What is more, people will get used to respect intellectual property, what can be really beneficial for development of society. 
To sum up, there are some advantages of fighting against piracy, but there are much more disadvantages. 
It will be better to preserve current situation, as any probable changes may cause people's dissatisfaction and even protests.
The given chart shows the level of unemployment in North and South Africa, Middle East, European Union, South Asia and in the world on the whole comparing data of 2014 and 2015 years. 
According to the statistics presented at the graph, it is possible to divide six named regions into two groups. 
The first group consists of the regions where the unemployment rate remains flat and no changes are observed during two years. 
The regions are North Africa, South Asia and the world on the whole. 
The second group deals with the regions where there are some changes. 
For instance the unemployment rate in the Middle East drops from 11 per cent in 2014 to 9,6 per cent in 2015. and this is the most significant decrease among all presented regions. 
The same process is observed in Latin America and only in EU the rate jumps for 0,4 per cent in 2015. 
The statistics below marks positive trend in unemployment rate, thus only EU suffers from its increase from 7,5% to 7,9% in 2015.
It is argued that free sharing and copy of music and films in the Internet does a lot of harm to the people who produce this content and those who enjoy it and those who do not want to pay must be considered as criminals. 
Personally I disagree with that claim and I hold the opinion that punishment is not an effective solution to the named problem. 
Undoubtedly, there are some reasons for punishing people who do not pay for the content. 
To begin with, musicians and producers lose money they deserved and it leads to lack of motivation to create new films and music tracks. 
Finally, losing such amounts of money hurts not only creators, but also the government budget which has its own profit from the taxes. 
Nevertheless, punishing for copying and sharing music and videos seems to be bad idea. 
It is irrational and even unfair to punish those who are aimed at self-development but do not have money for it. 
This person can be a child, a student or just somebody with financial problems. 
Secondly, people who are able to pay will pay if they adore the content and they want to say some thanks to those who created it. 
Thirdly, the Internet is the informational field which is difficult to control by the law, so punishing will be technically difficult to implement. 
To sum up, punishing for sharing and copying objects of art can satisfy those who produce them, but also can influence on cultural development in negative way.
The graph illustrates the market situation about unemployment in some regions all over the world in 2014 and 2015. 
The chart shows that the unemployment rate in general remained the same from 2014 to 2015. 
Also the situation on the job market constantly stays awful in North Africa and Middle East. 
The percentage of unemployment rate on Middle East and Latin America decreased so the situation changed in the positive way. 
Only EU's data shows the increasing rate of unemployment. 
As for North Africa and South Asia the rate stayed the same. 
The level of unemployment in North Africa is twice bigger than the worldwide level so the situation is urgent. 
The most radical fluctuation among all is fall of the Middle East unemployment rate's percentage from 11 to 9,6 over a year. 
The job market situation in South Asia is on 3,9 level, that is 2 points less than the worldwide number. 
The saddest graph change happened with EU unemployment rate when it slightly increased from 7,5 to 7,9 during this period.
It's evident nowadays that there is a big problem on the media market. 
Also it's important to understand that it's quite complicated to be aware of all transactions that happen on day-to-day basis in the sphere of buying and selling music and films. 
But some people think that everyone should respect the author's piece of art and to legally buy it as they buy food or clothes. 
Others claim that the Internet is the place where you can get all the media stuff you want without paying for it because everyone does exactly the same thing. 
To my mind, it's fair and morally justified to pay for someone's else work no matter what type of work you're dealing with. 
Firstly, it takes a lot of time for musicians and film producers to create the piece of art. 
They do a lot of work, spend money on the making process and advertisement, try to understand their audience. 
Secondly, intellectual property is protected by the law and everyone who doesn't follow the judiciary system's rules should be punished. 
Thirdly, it's really important to protect the unique feature of musical and film industries when only the ones who are ready to pay for access to an art should take this opportunity. 
However, some people assume that everyone should get an access to films and music because it's impossible to destroy the market of pirate copies and in this case all the limitations don't make sense. 
I totally disagree with this point of view because there is an improvement of law system and the system of market's control and the amount of pirate copies decreases. 
All things considered, I totally believe that musicians and film producers should get the whole amount of money for their work and everyone who ignores the law of intellectual property should be punished.
The picture demonstrates the percentage of unemployed people in the different world areas and in whole world in 2014 and 2015. 
It is clear, that the highest level of unemployment is in North Africa, it is about 12,5 per cent in 2014 and in 2015. 
To the opposite, the smallest level is in South Asia and it remains stable too, but there is about 3,9 per cent. 
Between Africa and Asia Middle East, the EU and Latin America are located. 
Difference between two close positions in 2015 as rule is 2 per cent points. 
The biggest difference is fixated in case of North Africa and Middle East, in 2015 it was 2,9 per cent points. 
There are some changes in number of unemployed persons between 2014 and 2014. 
The leader and the outsider have the same growth results. 
It is true also for worldwide unemployment rate. 
But in Middle East and Latin America the rate decreased from 11 to 9,6 per cent and from 6,8 to 5,8 per cent. 
At the same time, the rate slowly increased in the EU from 7,5 per cent to 7,9 per cent. 
To sum up, the world level of unemployment was stable between 2014 and 2014, but in areas of developing countries the rate became lower. 
The small rise in the EU may be stimulated by migrants from Middle East.
The issue of "content pirates" is the huge problem for modern ethics and law. 
The attitude to sharing information in XXI century may be under influence of different points of view. 
One part of people prefer talk about electronic information in terms of "intelligent property". 
They say that there is no difference between the ways of distributing films or music. 
It has some reasons because workers spent their time and labour to made or develop the films, music or soft, and they need to get money for their job. 
"Why the masterpiece of music is less important for customers than masterpiece of art?" 
As usual, the producers say "no". 
Their powers are enforced against people who make money by copying of their production. 
To the opposite, second part prefers talk about free exchange and free flaws of information. 
Their philosophy is close to anarchist theory that means the rise of human knowledge and solidarity in the situation. 
"If someone really likes the product, he or she will go to cinema, or donate money for the author. 
The biggest part of price is outcome of labels greed, " they say. 
And sometimes it happens: people buy a game to support the game studio and go to the concerts because they like illegally downloaded album. 
And these people share the information because they enjoy it and try to help strangers to feel it too. 
Generally, both sides have arguments. 
For me conception of free-sharing is more modern and essential for digital society. 
It also may stimulate producers to do their job better. 
I mean, if their film is interesting and important, I will go to the cinema. 
If an album is unusual, I will buy tickets to premiere of it. 
May be, if people just do their job perfectly, the problem will be resolved. 
The success of European Pirate party supports this opinion.
The chart shows changes in different world regions in the unemployment rate from 2014 to 2015. 
Generally speaking, the highest unemployment rate can be seen in North Africa this data higher than other world region and data is 12,5 did not change from 2014. 
The lower data can be seen in South Asia where unemployment did not change, too. 
In the EU region the unemployment rate slowly increased from 7,5 to 7,9 percentage. 
On the other hand Middle East and Latin America have other trend. 
In the Middle east the unemployment data slowly decrease from 11 to 9,6. 
Latin America region shows better tendency decreasing unemployment from 6,8 to 5,8. 
In comparison between the EU and Latin America. 
The EU has worse data than Latin America. 
Nowadays musicians and film producers have a real problem with copying and sharing their products. 
In my opinion, this type of spread information should be punished. 
The first reason for it, that companies lost their profit and can lost a motivation to create a quality product, which can be produce in the market. 
Secondly, the big musical companies loss the right over their product after that can be problem with 55 other organizations for original. 
Companies can have a differences in the end they must go to the judge, actually it can be bad for reputation, and it can lose money which they can to provide for new project. 
They cannot be sure that their product will be full present for the audience. 
because it is if the part of film will be download before the day of premiere, the rang of company dramatic decrease. 
The most popular example which can be presented to show how scandal about shows Sherlock, the episode was download in the Internet before two days, some people could see this episode before all world. 
It was bad for two channels which provided show because the director of show can lost their trust to the other side for can be influence on people. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that people who spread and sharing illegal pirate copies should be punished because their activity impact in both side companies lost profit and trust from other organization and people. 
People lost an opportunity to get a good product.
There is a chart associated with changes in the percentage of jobless people in various regions from 2014 to 2015. 
They are North Africa, Middle East, EU, Latin America, South Asia and Worldwide. 
The biggest unemployment rate is situated in North Africa, it is 12,5% in both years. 
There is a massive gap from 2014 to 2015 in Middle East, it is 1,4%, so the trend is decrease of unemployment level. 
North Africa and South Asia have no changes in percentage level as in Worldwide in general. 
EU faced growing of jobless rate in this period from 7,5% to 7,9%. 
At the same time there is a sharp drop of unemployment rate in Latin America from 6,8% to 5,8%. 
It is important to notice that this rate in North Africa is higher than in South Asia nearly three times.
Nowadays the problem of pirate content is very widespread. 
Some people believe that it is important only to buy such content especially if this content is associated with musicians and film producers. 
The others prefer to use pirate copies. 
I completely agree with idea that everybody should pay for other men's labor, so the government should punish people who make pirate copies and who spread it. 
It can be proved by some arguments. 
To begin with, all money which musicians and producers are not get from pirate copies may be lent to developing their industry and making new unique art smashing content. 
The leak of resources sometimes slows down process of making it. 
Then, using illegal pirate copies is equal with stealing goods. 
Modern governments usually punish robbers, that is why, this rule should be spread to such content. 
Finally, the ban of using illegal copies will decrease a shadow sector of an economy of a country. 
It will lead to growing of cash flow to dealers too. 
So many men, so many minds. 
We cannot say that this or that opinion is wrong. 
But in this particular case a punishment for spreaders and users of illegal content will bring to life a lot of positive results. 
which one associated with clearing an economy, growing benefits for dealers and increasing of motivation level among musicians and film producers. 
The government may establish low price for such content to make it available for big masses of people.
The graph shows data of unemployment rate and some world regions between 2014 and 2015. 
The graph includes six world regions. 
These are North Africa, Middle East, European Union, Latin America, South Africa and Worldwide. 
In general it can be seen that unemployment rate had slightly changes in different world regions. 
The highest unemployment rate was in the North Africa and closely to 12,5% a year. 
At the same time, the lowest unemployment rate was in South Africa nearly 3,9%. 
Also it can be mentioned that this indicator in Worldwide had a middle meaning and pointed 5,9%. 
Also, it can be pointed that in two world regions (the Middle East and Latin America) unemployment rate was declined more than 1% between 2014 and 2015. 
In the European Union unemployment rate was slightly increased and pointed 7,9% in 2015 according with 7,5% in 2014. 
At the same time, this graph demonstrates that there are three world regions where unemployment rate were unchangeable during 2014 and 2015. 
These world regions are North Africa, South Africa and Worldwide. 
In conclusion, taking everything noted up into account it can be seen that in the different world regions can be different tendency of unemployment rate. 
Also, it can be noted that in the Worldwide unemployment rate was unchangeable between 2014 and 2015.
In these days Internet and spending time on the different websites have become an essential part in our life. 
There are two different points of illegal downloading films or music and importance of punishment for them. 
In this essay will be explain some reasons of agreement or disagreement with this problem and will be given some examples for better evidence. 
Firstly, it can be noted that musicians and film producers have author's patent on their product because it was their innovation. 
In consequences they lose a lot of money from illegal pirate copies. 
It is wrong because people must have a salary from their job. 
In this point of view it can be understood why people who do illegal pirate copies should be punished. 
On the other hand, there are some reasons why people disagree with punishing for people which do illegal pirate copies. 
It can be proved by financial opportunities of majority population in the "lion" part of countries in the whole world. 
For instance, citizen from the East European's country has a salary only 150 or 200 dollars per months. 
The same time, people want to spending their free time more interesting and try to relax with music or film. 
In this situation people don't have any opportunities for buying original disk. 
In result, it can be seen that we have demand on music/film from poor people and we have supply on free download all what you want in the Internet. 
Taking everything mentioned up into account I want point that problem with illegal pirate copies need to have other solution, because punishment only will provoke to find new ways of free download favourite film or music. 
Also, in my view, I absolute disagree with punishing for people who don't have any opportunities for buying original disk. 
Government need to find a new decision, for example, some charity payments or subsidiary.
We are given a graph which shows us the level of unemployment in different regions of the world. 
We are provided with data about North Africa, Middle East, the European union, Latin America, South Asia in 2014 and 2015. 
It is seen that situation is stable as there is no huge decrease or increase of numbers. 
Nevertheless, it can be noticed that in the Middle East and in Latin America columns, which are about unemployment rate in 2015, have become lower: the decrease was from 11 to 9,6 in the Middle East, and the gap between numbers in Latin America is 1%. 
The situation is getting worse only in one region (the EU) as column has grown since 2014. 
It can be connected with migration crisis. 
The highest level of unemployment can be found in the North Africa (12,5%), but it is still at the same level. 
The best situation is in the South Asia, where it is only 3,9% unemployment. 
The average number of unemployment rate is about 5,9% worldwide.
It is not a secret that producing pirate copies has become a huge problem for musicians and producers as they lose so much money because of this. 
A lot of people use this opportunity not to pay. 
Some people believe that such dishonest people should be punished whereas others suggest that they just act rationally. 
It seems that there is a real rational part in this kind of behaviour. 
Because of full access to this sort of information, which people are usually interested in, they sometimes do not have any thoughts about illegal side of what they are doing. 
They believe that they just download a song, when it can be called committing a crime, judging by the law. 
That is the reason why these people should not be punished. 
Their aim is not connected with illegal actions at all. 
From the other point of view, we can come up with the decision that people who leak such information are criminals as their main purpose is not download a film and spend their evening sitting on a sofa watching it and just having a good time. 
They do release music and video and help them to be spread. 
They hack special services and steal the content. 
Maybe this is a kind of some strike, as these hackers believe that if they have an opportunity to get music and video for free because of skills, they also can spread it and help other people not to pay. 
Anyway people are more likely to watch and listen to pirate copies for entertainment. 
They do not really care about the law, when downloading a film. 
It is more a problem of education as we do not realise that our actions are illegal in these moments and we should be better taught to feel more sure about things we are doing to keep safe. 
To sum it all up, it is necessary to say that it really depends, while talking about punishment. 
It can be a good idea to become more strict, but, firstly, people should become informed about illegal part of these actions.
The chart shows the level of unemployment in six regions in the period from 2014 to 2015. 
There are North Africa, Middle East, European Union, Latin America, South Asia and other parts of the world on that graph. 
One can see that 2 regions, North Africa and Middle East, have the highest unemployment rate comparing to other regions given on this chart. 
Now, let's look at the chart in a little bit more details. 
First of all, there is a "leader" in unemployment rate: North Africa that has the same rate for both 2014 and 2015. 
The second place is occupied by Middle East, but this region decreased its unemployment rate on 1,4%. 
The other regions (except South Asia) have quite the same rate in range from 5,8 to 7,9. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that the chart illustrates 3 types of changes: growth, decline and no change at all.
The Internet helps us in a lot of cases and listening to music is not the exception for that. 
It is very comfortable to listen to your favourite musicians and it doesn't matter where you are. 
However, this process also has a negative effect. 
Now, it is really hard to fight with illegal copying and sharing of music. 
So, should the usage and production of pirate copies be considered as a crime and theft or not? 
First of all, let us consider the arguments of the supporters of such opinion. 
the main argument is based on the term "intellectual property". 
Some people think that music or film production is a very hard process that requires a set of skills and talent. 
So, when someone uses other people's music or films without the right to do that, he abuses other people's rights. 
That's why some people think that pirates should be punished. 
On the other hand, there are some people who disagree with this opinion. 
Mostly, they also support libertarian and anarchist political ideologies. 
Nevertheless, why do they support free copying and sharing of music? 
There are some reasons for that. 
One of the most important is that they think that music and films cannot belong to a specific person or a company. 
They say that music and films belong to the whole human kind. 
Also, these people think that this is against human nature to make money in such areas as music and movies. 
In conclusion, it is needed to say that the opinion given in the second paragraph seems more correct because each work should be paid. 
Another indicator is that the law of many countries is already protect music and film makers against pirates.
Summarizing the information about unemployment in selected World regions in 2014 and 2015 years. 
We can say about stability level of unemployment in Worldwide on level 5,9 percent. 
In the Northern Africa we can see similar high level of unemployment rate on level 12,5 point in both of comparing years. 
High level (11%) unemployment in the Middle East fell to 9,6 percent. 
In European Union we can say about other situation, where we can see rise growth of unemployment on 0,4 percent point from 7,5 percent in 2014 to 7,9 percent in 2015. 
However in Latin America we see felt of rate on 1 point (6,8 in 2014 versus 5,8 in 2015). 
In South Asia we have very small level of unemployment without change in selected period. 
It's 3,9 percent points in 2014 and 2015 years. 
This situation we can named usual in own days, and can be describing it a stability with rising in European union from "Brexit" and immigration crisis.
On the one hand, a lot of people with a good deal think that taking it is theft because music labels, game developers and film's studios less a big part of benefit. 
Without these money, this company can't make a quality new products. 
A good example is a "Metro Golden Mayer" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year. 
The biggest project of company films about agent 007 James Bond hasn't enough money for making them, and new films of this franchise made only once in 6-7 years versus once in 2-3 years in 1990-08. 
On the other hand a lot of people think that opportunity of free watching gaming or listening it a good chance not only for consumers but and for actors, artist and companies. 
Yes, of course they are missing their money, but they are get fame and respect from million people which can't spend 20-30 $ on film or 50-60$ for game. 
What is more, many people which download torrent files and get pleasure from them will buy not only licensed driver this product but and next product of this firm. 
For example "Witcher 3" from "CD-Project" had the biggest sellers after 2 month of release, maybe it will effect of "white pirates" which buy this game after one-two month of gaming on pirate copies. 
In conclusion I want say that this problem is very difficult for once meaning. 
I hope that political of cost makeup will more and more loyal and all people will have opportunity use only licensed product on official copies and this solution will good for both hand of this discussion.
The given diagram illustrates a difference of the unemployment rate in particular world regions in 2014 and 2015. 
At first glance, it seems to be obvious that the changes were controversial among different regions. 
The highest unemployment rate was 12,5% in the Northern Africa in 2014. 
It remained stable in 2015. 
The lowest amount of unemployed citizens was in Southern Asia in 2014 and it also did not change till 2015. 
Moreover, worldwide unemployment rate remained stable as well, Froze slightly below 8 percent. 
In Latin America the rate decreased by 1 percent. 
After this change it was less than medium rate in the world. 
The biggest reduction of the unemployment rate was in the Middle East and EU region was the only one with the increased rate. 
To sum up, there was no common tendency in changes in the unemployment rate worldwide in 2014 and 2015.
The problem of high popularity of pirate content appeared not so long ago but everyone has to deal with it in the postmodern era. 
There is still no universal answer for this question. 
I do believe that illegal connection to the pirate content should be punished. 
It leads to money loss and a violation of basic right to have a property. 
The situation goes even worse if we will not forget the fact that such types of content (music and films) are produced directly by the authors. 
Secondly, due to the high popularity of illegal content there is a reduction of investments in the music and films productions. 
Every project needs to be financed properly and there is no exception. 
It is highly unlikely to create something special if there will not a necessary material base to it. 
Thirdly, consumers should pay for music and films because there is a strong point in the understanding of a connection between a spending of your own money and consuming goods. 
There is no debate in the society whether people should pay for air tickets or not. 
Music and films are not usually associated with classic private goods and it has to be changed. 
To summarize, there some somewhat strong arguments to the punishment of law violators. 
These actions are unjust, selfish and ineffective. 
They may lead to dramatic reduction of content's quality. 
That would be a huge pity and a loss-loss situation.
The graph illustrates unemployment statistic in selected world regions between 2014 and 2015. 
Generally, there are no a lot of big changes in 2014 and in 2015. 
the same result is in North Africa (12,5) and in South Asia (3,9) both in 2014 and in 2015. 
the unemployment rate became lower in Middle East and in Latin America from 2014 to 2015. 
There is decrease of level unemployment to one per cent from 6,8 to 5,8. 
In fact pirate copies led to different producers lose their benefits every year. 
That is why a lot of people think that downloading of music or films without paying money for that production should be punished. 
There are some advantages and disadvantages of this point of view. 
First and foremost, people spend a lot of money, huge sums to do a new film or music composition and it is unfair when they are not able to get their money. 
Internet surveys get access to copy and share of somebody's production. 
Perhaps, this types of sites should be block. 
And then authors' rights will not break. 
Moreover, actors, producers, musicians, directors and other people who work in this industry should get their salary for their job. 
Sometimes people do understand that producing of films is very expensive. 
Legal copies let to get a compensation. 
That is why people who find and download files just steal them. 
And it is a type of crime. 
People who do crime should be punished. 
Different punishment led to increase of buying the original product (files, discs). 
However there is another point of view. 
Persons who download pirate copies are not murderers. 
They just try to share with people movies and beautiful music compositions. 
Of course, some people feel like spending money for buying the legal copies is not productive and it can be too costly spend money to every film or disc of music. 
They do not care about people who make this production. 
To sum up, punishment for pirate copies should be in the state to provide authors' rights, but in my opinion they should not be very strict. 
Maybe fines will be very suitable, can help producers get their benefits and will be useful for governments and budget.
The illustrated chart provides some information about the unemployment level in different parts of the world from 2014 and 2015. 
Three of four regions have some insignificant changes. 
The lowest rate of people without work is in South Africa - 3,9%. 
It also hasn't changed during the year like North Africa. 
North Africa is opposite to another part of the continent - it has the highest rate - 12,5. 
European Union's chart shows that the percentage of unemployment people has increased from 7,5 to 7,9. 
Such regions as Middle East and Latin America have dipped their situations. 
Latin America's rate decreased for 1% and Middle East's rate has dropped approximately for 1,5%. 
The worldwide chart shows a stable tendency between 2014 and 2015. 
The rate doesn't fluctuate and stands for 5,9 during the year.
Nowadays one of the most great problems for those, who produce entertainment items like music and films is the prosperity of pirate copies of their products. 
So, there are 2 views on the existence of such phenomena. 
From the one hand, everyone should respect such talented people as musicians and producers who provide us with really useful things for our relaxing or scientific satisfying. 
Thus, they must have a right to be paid for their work and users of the Internet who download pirate files should be punished for illegal enjoyment. 
The reason of it can be films recorded on video cameras from movie theaters or music, recorded on the concerts. 
In such way it seems that people of art producing really waste their money to create a good professional picture or sound. 
On the other hand, in the era of developing technologies it is really convenient to use social networks or specialized applies as a platform to store music compositions or films. 
Thus, many people are ready to commit a law and have a free wealth. 
However, this problem is decided by Apple corporation which has a huge music resource free for three months. 
Moreover, there is a problem of people's equality. 
It is considered that everyone should have a right to use a wealth which is made and prepared to public. 
So, it should be available not only for those people who have a financial opportunity to pay for listening for a music or watching films. 
To sum up, it is really important for musicians and film producers to share their "masterpieces" with all people in equal form.
The graphic presents changes in the unemployment rate in different world regions from 2014 to 2015. 
The highest rate of unemployment is belong to North Africa region. 
In 2014 the rate was 12,5 percent and in 2015 it is still the same, so there is no changes in unemployment sphere. 
Middle East is the second region after the highest one. 
Also Middle East shows another tendency in the unemployment rate it is rising from 11 percent in 2014 to 9,6 in 2015. 
Different trend is showing by Latin America region. 
The rate of unemployment decreased by 1 percent from 6,8 to 5,8 in 2014 to 2015. 
The lowest rate of unemployment is represented by South Asia region. 
There is not any downward or rising. 
South Africa region has stable rate in 2014 and 2015 in 3,9 percent. 
To sum up, unemployment is a serious problem of our world. 
However, Worldwide rate doesn't change in these years and still 5,9 percent. 
That's why the solution to this problem should be found.
Many people saying that there is a big problem with illegal pirate copies with music and films. 
Musicians and film makers are losing a lot of money from this type of coping and sharing without official buying the original discs. 
So the idea is that people who downloading illegal copies from the internet should be punished. 
Every human on our world has their own property right if wants so. 
And when somebody creates anything he has the right to sell it to other people. 
From these point of view, making illegal copies is a really bad thing, because after this musicians and film producers might not be able to create anything again in case they are run out of money. 
Some people said that there would be much more art, films and music if everyone honest support creators and buy legal cop. 
That's why people who download illegally should be punished. 
On the other hand, the direct effect of punishing people to prevent buying illegal copies would be opposite from "more good art, films and music". 
It is clear that not every film and music in our world is a great piece of art, because sometimes the only purpose for producers and musician is to make more money. 
The idea of this point of view is that people should only support creators if they like a product. 
They can go to the cinema to watch the film they liked or buy legal copy of music disk. 
In this way only good products would get a lot of money and make our world better. 
To sum up, this is very complicated problem. 
Better solution would be the right to people to decide by themselves do they want provide their product with property licence. 
In this case people would get time to pay for a product and after some time try it free in the internet, because internet is not belong to anyone.
The bar chart shows the difference in dynamics of changing in unemployment across several world regions in 2014 and 2015. 
Firstly, it can be seen that Northern Africa is the region with the highest unemployment rate and Southern Asia is the region with the lowest one. 
However, there was no change in this indicator during the explored year in both regions. 
Secondly, it is important to admit that the unemployment rate decreased in the Middle East and Latin America significantly during the explored period, whether in European Union indicator had the opposite dynamics. 
Last but not least, change in unemployment remained without any dynamical changes. 
It can be seen that the indicator result for unemployment in the explored year was 5,9 constantly. 
Overall, the depicted information means that only in the minority of explored regions there is an increasing tendency in unemployment, while in the majority this indicator is only stable or decreasing.
Nowadays, there is a growing tendency to copy and share some types of electronic information illegally. 
It is mostly connected with the increasing importance of the Internet for people. 
In my opinion, punishing people for doing such crimes should be cancelled, because of the content of new market, which changes under the pressure of the Internet. 
First of all, it is important to understand that you cannot control all of the information in the web networks. 
There are many people, who copy and share content of electronic information illegally, but catching and punishing all of them will be really expensive. 
The cost of this may be probably higher than the loss of money from the process of "pirating". 
Secondly, modern market moves in the direction of micro transactions, instead of simple selling the product. 
You can get more money from consumer, who has free access to some fragments of your film, but pays for the other fragments. 
However, this strategy can also be violated by pirates, because they can make copies of expensive fragments. 
Besides, statistics shows that this method of fighting with pirates is more effective than punishing them. 
Last but not least, punishing pirates leads to the violation of the right for the freedom in the Internet. 
By monitoring and controlling cases of illegal copying of the information, companies will interrupt private life of people and their opportunity to be free in the web. 
Taking everything into consideration, my disagreement with the punishing of the people, who copying and sharing music or films illegally, can be explained by the influence of the Internet on the modern market system. 
law should be appropriate to the instantly changing reality and deal with pirates as with the common element of modern world.
The graph depicts the level of unemployment over two years (2014 and 2015). 
There are few regions in the diagram: North Africa, Middle East, European Union, Latin America and South Asia. 
Trend which is called "Worldwide", shows the average unemployment rate over the world. 
The rate of unemployment stays steady in such world regions as North Africa and South Asia. 
Worldwide rate is also stable. 
Middle East shows downward trend - unemployment rate declined for a year. 
we can suppose that increased level in European Union can correlate with amount of migrants from African countries: the more migrants Europe takes, the higher level of unemployment becomes. 
Statistics over the world didn't change - the rate stayed the same. 
Generally, the highest rate of unemployment relates to North Africa. 
It is the poorest region with low economics and GDP, so there are not workplaces for population and they need to run from country. 
International community regularly rises the question - what should we do to struggle against illegal pirate copying successfully? 
Musicians and film producers have huge losses every year. 
How can we prevent such situations in future? 
From one point of view widespread of music and films illegally shouldn't be stopped. 
Popular musicians get money from tours around the world: if millions of people like your music, songs, performances, they will buy ticket on the concert. 
Creations of talented musicians should be acceptable for people of all nations, states, equally for rich and poor, that's why they must be free. 
The opposition of mentioned point of view says that all high-qualified goods must be payed. 
The world market of films and songs lost huge amounts of money and even laws can't stop the process of widespread. 
People, who take this point of view, put on various restrictions. 
For example, it is supposed that Internet websites, which accept music, films or other materials, should make all accounts for visitors not free. 
If you often visit movie theaters, you can notice that there are a lot of cameras in a hall, where films are watched. 
That way officials want to stop activity of cameramen, who take a copy of film in the cinema and download to websites for a payment. 
To sum up, the process of widespread can be stopped, however, musicians, writers or other creative people can attract by the quality of creations. 
So, if songs are popular, people will visit concert even for a big ticket price. 
If film is breathtaking and unusual, unique, people will come to cinema to watch a masterpiece on a big screen.
as we can see on the chart there was not any significant changes in the unemployment rate across the regions in the period between 2014 and 2015. 
EU had small change in unemployment - only 0,4 percent rise in percentage of unemployment people. 
In comparing of regions, North Africa has biggest unemployment rate - 12,5 percent. 
The smallest percentage of unemployment citizens had South Asia with 3,9 percent. 
Other regions mediate between North Africa and South Asia. 
Overall, situation with unemployment people didn't significantly change in the worldwide.
Nowadays is usual tendency to watch movies and download music from illegal pirate resources, which copy original product and share it on the their website for their own purposes. 
In Western democratic societies people can think that this practice is illegal and abnormal, however people in not such democratic societies as European or American can think that practice of pirate copying is normal and So there are two point of view on this situation with pirate copying. 
Firstly, almost all people in really democratic societies think that copying and sharing music or films on the internet and downloading these files is not acceptable for fair people and good citizens because if you do that you steal money from producers and musicians, which spend a lot of time, money and other resources for making this product. 
So in these societies pirate copying is bad and illegal. 
"Intellectual pirates" like a stealer, so they are punished by government and societies. 
Exactly by this reason there are a lot of scandalous deals in courts of this government. 
Intellectual rights as one of the main principles of modern democracy protected by Western governments. 
The other situation with problem of pirate copying in developed countries like Russia and other post-soviet countries. 
For people of this country is normal and not amoral because they have another culture, another view on rights. 
They usually say, that they do not live in a good welfare state, so they only try to survive in this situation, when you do not have money for paying for music or film on the internet. 
All in all, pirate copying is not good deal, but in some countries is normal situation. 
I think it is not normal.
This chart shows the unemployment rate in the different world regions in 2014 and 2015. 
As an overall trend, it is clear that in North Africa there is the highest unemployment rate. 
In contrast in the South Asia the unemployment rate is more low than in the other regions. 
On the subject of percent of unemployment rate, in North Africa it remained stable in 2014 and 2015, while in Middle East rate of unemployment drastically decreased in 2015. 
Moreover, in EU the unemployment rate gradually rosed in 2015. 
As for the unemployment rate towards all regions, we can see that in the Worldwide and Latin America the rate is approximately same, it is nearly 6 percent. 
As for EU, the rate slight increased in 2015 and it is nearly 8 percent.
This issue is the vital part of the modern life. 
Although many people prefer to copy or to share music and films on the internet instead of buying its, the cost of this has to be considered first. 
Many people support the opinion that it is very bad situation, that all people have a free access for different sources in the internet. 
Firstly, musicians and film producers, who make efforts for to do music or film, should get the goods for its works. 
For instance, if an economist or people, who seat the governmental office have the goods for jobs, musicians, producers artist should also get money. 
However, some people think that it is normally situation in the modern life and musicians and film producers should understand, that they can't evade losing goods. 
Moreover, it isn't right to punish such people because they act rationally, when they don't want to buy for free music and films. 
Having considered both sides of this debate, it can be concluded that it is speed situation in the modern world, when people share or copy films or music, but we should think about musicians and film producers, who lose huge money and we should solve this issue. 
The bar chart illustrates differences between the unemployment rate in 2014 and 2015 in particular world regions. 
In general, we can see that North Africa has the highest percentage of unemployment of all while South Asia shows the lowest one. 
There are no changes in worldwide unemployment rate during one year. 
We have two regions where unemployment rate remained the same numbers: 12,5% in North Africa and about 4% in South Asia. 
The most significant change occurred in the Middle East where the level of unemployment decreased for about 1,5%. 
The only region where unemployment rate grew is European Union. 
We can observe a slight increase for about half of a per cent. 
No matter the moderate fluctuations in unemployment rate in different regions the average level of unemployment in the world has not changed since 2014 and remained at about 6%.
Nowadays there are a lot of types of entertainment that we can get from the Internet. 
Free films and music are only two of them. 
At the era of the fast Internet we can share different files almost without any limits. 
Due to this, the problem of illegal copying is arising today. 
As for me, I totally agree with their position. 
Firstly, any film, song or any other piece of art is author's property. 
This means that, for example, only director can decide to whom he would sell or demonstrate his film. 
Copying this property is unacceptable. 
In modern democratic countries the power of law should protect the right of self-property and punish those who violate the law. 
Moreover, it can be recognised as stealing money and labour from artists which is also illegal. 
Secondly, copying and sharing music and films for free can have a bad influence on the economy growth. 
entertaining business, which includes films and music, is usually a huge part of country's income (for example, the USA). 
So, if you steal films and songs, it is equal if you steel products and create a kind of "black" or "shade" market on the Internet. 
The economy suffers a lot due to illegal transactions because it loses masses of money and product turnover. 
All in all, any type of stealing should be forbidden in modern countries. 
Copying and sharing music and films on the Internet is definitely a theft and have to be punished. 
Today Nobody doubts that money stealing is a crime and that you are not allowed to take someone's property without paying for it. 
So why should we let internet thieves commit their crimes and more? 
the chart represents how unemployment rate changed in selected world areas in 2014 and 2015. 
First of all, it can be clearly seen that in North Africa the unemployment rate was the highest. 
Also we can see that the smallest rate was in South Asia. 
Middle East, EU and Latin America had medium results in comparison to North Africa and South Asia. 
In comparison to 2014, in 2015 there are three tendencies of how this unemployment rate changed. 
In the Middle East and Latin America the rate slightly decreased, falling from 11 to 9,6 and 6,8 to 5,8 relatively. 
Only the European Union had a trend of rate's rising. 
Also, in North Africa, South Asia and actually worldwide the unemployment rate remained stable, it did not change at all in this period of time. 
In conclusion, there was a tendency of slight change of the rate or it did not rise or fall at all in 2015 when compared to 2014. 
Although there are some regions like North Africa and South Asia, which are outliers, average worldwide unemployment rate is 5,9 both in 2014 and 2015.
Many artists suffer from free internet downloads of their masterpieces, but those who download free music or free films not always are ready to pay for those. 
So, opinions divide. 
On one hand, those who make the music and films have to earn for their work. 
The idea of "poor artist" is already ancient today, as more and more people are becoming successful being musicians, actors, directors, painters and so on. 
Those are jobs which they chose and which are demanded in the society. 
We know some extremely rich artists, but how much of artists in the whole world are trying to make the ends meet? 
Probably, one of the reasons is leaks of their products, so that they are becoming free. 
On the other hand, Bono from U2 said that art should be free. 
Can we sell and buy masterpieces, or art is more valuable than all the money in the world as it makes us more beautiful inside? 
Can we make a world where art is a value more money-dependent by charging money for art? 
Also, more rational argument is that musicians earn more money by concerts they give and tours they got? 
But how can people know a new musician without knowing his songs? 
People will not pay for the songs of those they do not know. 
So, there won't be so many people on concerts as there are now. 
Talking about films, they make more money in the first months after the release. 
After that, only those, who want it in a high definition would buy a DVD, Blue-ray or buy it on the Internet. 
In conclusion, different sides of the conflict think differently. 
Artists want more money to earn, people want less money to spent. 
It is clearly seen that free copies on the Internet make less harm than they are thought to. 
So, probably this situation should not be radically solved.
This chart describes changes in the unemployment rate in selected world regions in 2014 and 2015. 
First of all, it is hard not to mention that the unemployment rate in 2014 and 2015 changed only in 3 selected world regions. 
In the North Africa, South Asia and Worldwide unemployment rate is still the same. 
On 2014 and 2015 we have 12,5% of unemployment for North Africa, 3,9% for South Asia and 5,9 Worldwide. 
Only the EU had a slight increase in the unemployment rate from 7,5 to 7,9%. 
Other 2 regions Middle East and Latin America had a little decrease in unemployment rate. 
Latin America from 6,8 to 5,8% and Middle East from 11 to 9,6%. 
To sum up, it is clear that there was no huge difference between unemployment rate in 2014 and in 2015 in selected world regions. 
This rate only raised in the EU, still the same in North Africa, South Asia, Worldwide and had a slight decrease in Middle East and Latin America.
The problem of illegal sharing which leads to financial problems of musicians and film producers is very controversial nowadays. 
Some people think that people who copying and sharing music on the Internet should be punished, others disagree with them and believe that there should be a freedom in this case. 
People who are for punishing provide rather strong arguments for their position. 
First of all, they believe that copying and sharing is very harmful for the musicians and it can lead to the bad financial situation of the famous person. 
They should only sell their products. 
Secondly, they think that sharing can be considered as the ignorance of the rights of an artist. 
But there are some people who do not share this point of view. 
Firstly, they believe that now, when we are living in the post-industrial world we should have the right to copy and share all the information we get. 
And finally, they sure that sometimes it is the only way to listen to some new music, or to watch a film because nowadays the price of the cinema ticket is rather high as well as the price of the MP3 disc. 
The position of people who are for the freedom of copying and sharing is closer to my attitude.
In the graph is the information about unemployment rate in some regions of the world. 
There is the data, which collected in 2014 and 2015. 
Data collected in North Africa, Middle East, EU, Latin America and South Asia. 
Also the graph has the information about unemployment rate all around the world in 2014 and 2015. 
It's ever to compare the results in these regions. 
North Africa had the major unemployment rate among countries from this list - 12,5%. 
Situation with unemployment didn't change in this region for two years. 
Second unemployment rate was in the Middle East 11%. 
In 2015 it decreased on 1,4%. 
Middle place had EU. 
In 2014 european countries had 7,5% unemployment rate. 
In 2015 it increased or 0,4%. 
Better situation was in Latin American countries. 
These countries reduced unemployment rate from 6,8% in 2014 to 5,8% in 2015. 
The best situation on the labour market was in South Asia - 3,4% in 2014 and in 2015 too. 
The percent of unemployment rate worldwide didn't change, too - 5,9%. 
The statistics show, that three regions - North Africa, Middle East and EU had worse results, when worldwide. 
Better results had Latin America and South Asia.
Internet, social media, social networks are important are important part of human life. 
With help of them people could communicate. 
Watch news and videos. 
With help of social networks and websites people all around the world could copy films and music and watch or hear it illegal. 
There are two main points of view. 
The first is supported by musicians, actors and producers, which lose money from piracy in internet. 
They spend money for creating films and music and they want to earn more. 
There were many situations, when pirates downloaded films in internet before the premiere and film makers lost some money because people watched it in internet. 
Some pirates created online cinemas, where people could see films free. 
Pirates earned money from advertising. 
Film makers and lingers think, that the government should control the internet and protect property rights of people, who create films and music. 
There is also opposite point of view, which is supported by some internet-users and politicians in western countries. 
They think, that government or police couldn't affect on internet, because it is free and private space for people all changed the world. 
Film makers and producers want to earn more money, but people mustn't pay for their mistakes. 
Also internet-activists think, that some producers are simply greedy and because of that they want destroy the rules of global network. 
In many European countries Iceland, Poland, Germany, Sweden, Finland and other created pirate parties. 
These anti-systemic movements protest against the rights of capitalism and global market. 
Activists from these parties supported internet users and thought that all people all around the world have the right to make in internet everything, that they want. 
Some of these parties won parliament seats in Europe. 
To conclude, I'd like to say, that producers or film creators and internet users must create an agreement, which would not only protect their property rights, but also will be comfortable for internet users. 
If creators will download their intellectual property in internet and users will pay not so much money for it, it would be practically comfortable not only for singers and film-creators, but also for internet-users. 
Of course, it is not easy to reach the compromise between these communities, but if they would like to have the negotiations, it will be useful for all people - for creators and for users.
We would like to collect information from the chart representing the unemployment rate in selected world regions in 2014 and 2015. 
The first graph shows us the situation with North Africa in 2014-2015. 
We may conclude that they are similar as both are equal (both show the rate of unemployment of 12,5%). 
The second graf shows us the unemployment distributed among people of Middle East. 
The graph which shows us the situation in 2014 is bigger than another one representing the situation in 2015. 
The difference between them is 1,4%. 
The unemployment rate has increased for 0,4 - that is not really significant growth. 
The Latin American graphs are rather interesting as if shows as that unemployment in selected years in this region has decreased. 
Two graphs are completely equal. 
Both are 3,9% percent. 
So, there is nothing to compare. 
The chart has one extra graphs summarizing the distribution of unemployment in the whole world. 
The mean of distribution is 5,9% comparing two graph. 
So, we may conclude that unemployment in the world has consistent distribution among regions.
It has been known that in the modern world the one uneasy problem of illegal pirate copies of music and films becomes more popular than in previous century. 
Many people involved in music or films production claim that they lose very big amount of money because of the pirating. 
However, there is another group of people, which believes that different types of art should be free for people, as they belong to all people in the world. 
Both groups of people have their own argument, and it would be interesting to know them and decide whether or not pirating is a bad thing. 
"Every intellectual properties belong to one who produces them" - they said. 
Also, They usually say that pirating damages incomes of musicians and filmmakers, so they worry others about the situation that the worldwide music and film industry becomes less productive and more dependent of government (which affects the quality of all types of art). 
The second group of people which support pirating usually refers to the idea of "free intellectual belongings". 
They proclaim that only private (not intellectual) properties can exist. 
Every mental idea produced by anybody belongs to everybody. 
For example, famous musician Philipp Kirkorov has once said that he is ready to spread his music among people for free as real arts is more important than "real" money. 
It's very expensive performance to my point of view. 
In conclusion I would like to summarize all argument and give my point of view. 
I definitely agree with the second group of people as I think pirating has small influence on incomes of musicians and film makers. 

