Moreover, the amount of unemployment in this region remain stable during the year. 
There is different situations in world regions. 
On the contrary, in the Middle East and Latin America there are serious decline in this rate - from 11% to 9,6% and 6,8% to 5,8%, accordingly. 
Despite the fact, that in 2 regions there are decrease of unemployment levels and increase in another one. 
No doubt, people, who violates laws and distribute illegal content should be punished. 
Also Latin America demonstrate positive changing in the rate of unemployment during that period with 1 percent down. 
Except all changes in the rates of unemployment in the different regions the last graph shows information about worldwide, that rate do not changes and still is 5,9%.
But, there is opposite opinion, that copying and sharing are not theft. 
The graph below make people see the data of the unemployment rate in some regions in the world in 2014 and 2015. 
Additionally, money payed for art producers are investments in future projects. 
Firstly, free products of art provides cultural development of the population. 
Even somebody want have them only in digital form, without using CD-disks, he or she still have to pay for the products. 
Other problem is sharing with friends when one of them give another a book, another makes exchange with his friend… Is it "pirate network"? 
The worldwide trend show equal data in comparison in 2014 and 2015. 
North Africa has the worst data between other world region but have the same data with Middle East in 2014. 
Middle East has a small gap with EU in 2015 and other tendency shows that South Asia have a lower data on unemployment of rate than worldwide data.
This problem influence not only producers but also usual citizens and people who want to get an original discs and other product. 
Thirdly, if company have a bad reputation on the market which means that actors and musicians would not to bound their career with this. 
There are 5 regions which are compared. 
The smallest one have place in South Asia and it is 3,9%. 
So, there are various opinion on the point. 
One of the widely discussed issues nowadays are: doing pirate copies on music and films. 
A good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary because he or she every day go to the factory and do their work. 
Unfortunately, original disk with music or film have cost about 15-20 dollars per disk. 
In addition, it is needed to say that South Asia have the lowest unemployment rate among given regions in the period from 2014 to 2015. 
Internet pirates and torrent-trackers is one of the most problems for film and musicians producers, studios and labels. 
However, torrents it's a good opportunity for poor people watching new films and listening beautiful music. 
Firstly, copying and sharing pirate copies undermine the right of intellectual ownership. 
Different levels are there only in regions: the EU, Latin America and Middle East, the level of unemployment stay without changes worldwide and it is 5,9 percent. 
Unemployment rate reach the hit in North Africa and reach the lowest point in South Asia. 
And what about changes in the European Union the level of unemployment increase from 7,5 to 7,9 per cent. 
And changes in Middle East is from 11 per cent to 9,6.
In their opinion, copying and sharing music or films on the Internet help them save money. 
Furthermore, the copying and sharing music or films in of non-original form lead to deteriorating of the products' quality. 
So, it is clear to see that there isn't any changes like in North Africa region too. 
The chart below show the highest in 12,5 and the lowest rate in 3,9 in 2014 and 2015. 
So, when nobody knows is that film good or bad and they need to buy it or they would be punished doesn't provide a good quality product. 
The best stable result is shown by South Asia with growing factories, developing infrastructure, so it give across to a big amount of workplaces.
Practice shows that mostly unpopular singers relates negatively to illegal widespread of their songs, so they don't have another source of getting money, because their concerts are badly organized and noone buy tickets. 
The chart compare changes in rate of unemployment people in selected regions of world between 2014 and 2015. 
The two most stable regions was North Africa and South Asia. 
The less stable regions was Middle East in which the unemployment rate decreased on 1,4 percent and Latin America where situation with unemployment in 2015 was better than in 2014. 
But the social view on this practice vary across the countries and depend from relation of citizens to importance of intellectual rights and country's law. 
There are not culture of protecting of intellectual rights in these societies, so people such as musicians and producers of the films understand that government do not punish for pirate copying. 
It could be illustrated by the following example: a producer make a film and he wish he is respected and he want to have money for his hurt job, but people don't want to buy the disc with his film, they copying it on the internet. 
As the result a producer lose money. 
Secondly, producing and making music are the work and its work is same as other jobs. 
Personally I would agree with the idea that we should destroy the process of making illegal pirate copies, because it make a harm for people, who make the art and want to get money and respect for efforts.
In Latin America there are the same declining trend for about 1% during the period from 2014 to 2015. 
Some people think that spreading music albums and films on the Internet must be recognised as a crime, and people who has committed that should be gone on trial. 
I strongly believe that there is no reasons for that.
For instance, we always know how much it would have earned if everyone who watch it paid. 
Because sometimes for example film producers have a plan of how to present their film and if someone share the info about the film before the debut it would be disrespectful for the labour of the film producer. 
Moreover, they believe that usually when some information about the film shared in the Internet it only has a positive impact on the amount of money which producer get from the film. 
It help to boost interest in the internet sphere. 
To sum up, there is no correct answers for this kind of questions because it all depends on the attitude of the person. 
In 21 century the science go forward. 
Improvements of hi-teck has not all positive, but also negative sides. 
The next two shows us the rate of unemployment in EU in selected years. 
The differences between two graph is 0,7%. 
The last two graphs shows us the case of South Asia. 
The first group of people which support the "anti-pirating" point of view claim that pirating damages the right of pirate property which is one of the fundamental right of all humans. 

